# U1.W2: Chrome Dev Tools Challenge Reflection

* Describe the Document Object Model? What about it makes sense to you? What doesn't? What seems good and bad about it?
  <br> The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface that provides a way to represent, store, and manipulate html and xml documents. The DOM defines many things on a webpage. The first thing it does is says the the website is a document. Within the document it defines the objects and the objects that are nested inside the other objects and their relation to one another. The whole purpose of why DOM was created makes sense. Another thing that makes sense is the logic behind how elements nest within one another and why things wouldn't work if the code paths aren't set up properly. There isn't any confusion with regards to DOM as the definition and logic behind it is pretty straight forward. The good thing about DOM is that it attempts to make everything a little cleaner and more organized. If there is a problem one should be able to locate the source immediately. The bad thing is that one little error could potentially dismantle a whole code. 
* How did using Chrome Web Tools to look at your site and a wordpress.com site compare?
<br> Looking at my website and a wordpress.com site with Chrome Web Tools was an interesting experience. First my website was tremendously simple. There was just the html and the css. The wordpress.com site that I viewed had multimple script tags and meta tags nested into the html coding. There is way more going on in that website than mine, so much more that it almost makes me dizzy. There also appears to be a #shadowroot code at the top which I have no idea of but the majority of wordpress.com sites have it. The wordpress.com sites were definitely alot more mature, coding-wise, than my site. My site is pretty static. What you see is what you get. But the wordpress sites were more dynamic and had things happening as I moved my mouse along the sites.
* Did you find Chrome Web Tools fun, helpful, or a pain to work with?
<br>Chrome Web Tools are amazing. It makes coding so much more convenient. I can find problems or hone in on a certain code and see where exactly on the web page the code refers to. It puts together the coding and the final product of the code together. Makes everything alot more smooth and fun.
* Did you have an "aha" moments or were any concepts solidified?
<br> The DOM concept was more solidified, which kinda helps organize my view on how htmls/css/javascripts should be organized and ordered. I also had an aha moment that I should get to cracking on some javascript learning and that the html/css world is alot more bigger than I originally thought.
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
<br>W3.org just rehashed the same definitions and explanations of the concepts that were in the recommended readings. I just needed another way of having DOM explained to me to bring things full circle.
