## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

*I didn't have many problems setting up git and GitHub. There was just a great deal of directions to follow in order to connect one program with the other. I learned that any changes or commands I made on Git didn't automatically appear on GitHub. Instead I had to create a path to push the projects from the terminal to GitHub. 
*Git is a software that allows you to keep track of changes made on projects. It allows you to save multiple versions of your work and to work on each one so that mistakes don't transfer over to the original project. You can have an original work with many versions called branches and you can switch from one to the next until you create a version that you like best. Git is a software that lives locally on the computer, which means everything you do on Git is kept within the computer unless you decide to move the project into the internet. GitHub is exactly the same as Git except GitHub lives remotely in the internet. Everything that you work on and change is tracked within the space of the internet. Git is local and GitHub is remote.
*Version control is a program that keeps track of your files and the changes you make to the files. It allows you to undo or redo the progress you made on your work. It also allows multiple individuals to collaborate on a single project without interfering with one another. It'll take the work of either person and merge the work into a single updated file. GitHub is a social coding website that allows developers to share their code and keep track of the changes using Git. Simply put GitHub is version control on the internet. 
*Developers use version control to keep track of changes in their code. There can be hundreds of lines of codes and it can be difficult to remember where, when, and why changes were made to the code. Version is an extremely useful tool to keep the developer aware of the codes development. It also allows for multiple eyes to check the code and enhance it without having everyone write over each other. I think version control makes sense to me. It is a tool that streamlines the whole coding process and prevents hours of potential work from being pointless/destroyed/erased. It also pushes the potential limits of the code as there are numerous individuals striving to create an awesome code.
*What doesn't make sense is how multiple individuals can work on one file without potentially compromising the integrity of the original file. Just a single typo can mess up a code but to have so many different people work on it and still get code to work is impressive. What makes sense is the reason behind why Git and GitHub was created. 
